[Music]
welcome
and thank you for coming to the rose
bowl
in pasadena on a very smoky night
[Music]
we would like to thank julie and her
wonderful team at telluride film
festival
your love for cinema your love for human
connection brought us together tonight
thank you so much we love you
we also have with us tonight members of
the van dwelling community who have come
in their vehicles please give them a
hearty welcome
to the nomad
[Music]
it's a great document of a very specific
time in our world our challenge was how
do we
incorporate their colorful stories into
first journey i think all of us have a
great story to tell
my life is built on not having
not craving not needing
most people don't understand it's okay
to make another choice
it's okay to be different
it takes a lot of courage to commit to
the life
and i'm really humbled by it
[Music]
you